Transporter/reader suggestions (#5912)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/transporter/ba_preview/getting_started/config_reader.mdx

Reviewer: How about changing the title to "Configuring & starting the source reader" or something similar to indicate that the startup script is included?

Author: Good point, I altered the title as well ✅

#export QUARKUS_LOG_CATEGORY__COM_ENTERPRISEDB__LEVEL=DEBUG
```

> ## Running the reader

Author: Moved this to the bottom of the page, as this is the command the customer will have to run _after_ configuring all values.

#### DBZ_ID

> This is the name you assign to a migration to identify it. 

Reviewer 2: This DBZ_ID is assigned to a reader not a migration

Author: Is this also the name that will later appear as the source name in the EDB Cloud Service (BigAnimal) UI? If yes, we could say: 
```suggestion
This is the name you assign to identify a reader. This name will later appear as a _source_ in the EDB Cloud Service UI. 
```
If not, we can simply say: 
```suggestion
This is the name you assign to a reader.
```

Take into account the following limitations: 

- The ID cannot be longer than 255 characters.
- The ID can contain lowercase characters, uppercase characters, numbers, underscores(_) and hyphens(-)
- The ID must be unique; two reader instances should not have the same ID.

#### RW_SERVICE_HOST

> Uncomment the line. The URL of the `transporter-rw-service` is always https://transporter-rw-service.biganimal.com.

Reviewer 2: Why do we need to add "Uncomment the line." here

Author: You are right, we are not suggesting to uncomment all other lines of the reader when configuring them, so we should not explicitly call it out here. What about this? 

```suggestion
Specifies the URL of the service that will host the migration. `transporter-rw-service` is always https://transporter-rw-service.biganimal.com.
```
